Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, it's official. Good morning.
Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me get another open here and your any sort of quiet private space to talk this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just take a look and see if we had any
Gwenevere Abriel: Homework.
Gwenevere Abriel: Although I don't really work at his homework I might have said something like, I invite you to think about, or do some experiments.
Gwenevere Abriel: So old stuff looks like get contact information for CNN admissions and finance department and text, the numbers to the therapist. Well that didn't happen.
I
Gwenevere Abriel: Get the sense that once you leave here. I think you forget all about it.
Anthony Garcia: I'm not really like forgetting about it is just
Anthony Garcia: Seems like I have a busy.
Anthony Garcia: busy schedule like pretty much work. And then, you know, I don't think in on nothing but work and then make it home I cook dinner.
Anthony Garcia: Talk to my daughter for a little bit shower up and then practically go to sleep and get ready for another day at work. So I tried to remember and things, you know, but it's hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, even if it was remembered
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it as simple as just remembering or is there a part of you that is afraid to go to school.
Anthony Garcia: Parts of me sometimes wants to and then parts of me starts thinking like, you know, like
Anthony Garcia: What am I really going to do with it. Anyways, you know,
Anthony Garcia: Already reaching 42 types of Fallon and stuff. So I was just thinking
Anthony Garcia: Maybe this is my life, you know, doing tires, you know, thinking about that.
Anthony Garcia: I'm good at it. People my customers stuff. It allows me pretty much
Anthony Garcia: Just figure. You know, I've been doing this for 10 years almost.
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. Nothing else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, but you just said you you can't know something until you learn it. So you can't use that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: All for it.
Anthony Garcia: So, look it online and start seeing the things that I can learn and
Anthony Garcia: I know I just
Anthony Garcia: I was interested, like when I was younger. Now is like
Anthony Garcia: By the time I finished and stuff mean I'm not even really have much time to accomplish much, I guess.
Anthony Garcia: I'm already a pretty
Anthony Garcia: Good tire person.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you make of people that go back to school and change their careers. So what would you say to me if I said well I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to drop my license. I'm not going to keep it and I want to go to law school. It's always something I wanted to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that. Other side of my brain to sort of this, this kind of have that other piece that doesn't isn't in the gray because everything in psychotherapy is grey grey grey grey grey.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what if I did that. What would be your opinion because I'm 52
Anthony Garcia: Me, I'd be like,
Anthony Garcia: For you, it'd be it'd be great, you know, I'd say that's wonderful. You know,
Anthony Garcia: But when I look at myself, you know, I see a lot of
Anthony Garcia: hurdles. You know, I don't know, it's just, it's going to be tough for me because I can graduate and pass anything anything I I study I'll pass it.
Anthony Garcia: I learned. I'll pass it.
Anthony Garcia: As far as like, I don't know, I just started thinking about interviews and and all this stuff and having to explain to felonies, you know, and I just, I get discouraged, I guess.
Anthony Garcia: Start thinking about
Anthony Garcia: You know what wasting my time, I guess, and money.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have just as much right to life satisfaction as anybody else does.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have just as much right because you have those felon felony record you have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I could be role playing, getting ready for the, what would be sort of this desensitization to being able to just say, Yeah, but let me just start right now. This is what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is what I learned from it, but I don't know that you have, like, what have you learned from your felonies. What, what did you learn from them. What have you learned from that history.
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. I just don't want to be that kind of person. I just don't want people to see me as a criminal, you know,
Anthony Garcia: I take care of my family, I take care of my daughter. I go to work every day.
Anthony Garcia: Just
Anthony Garcia: I don't want to be looked at as as criminal person, they won't even look at like the good things that I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something about the things. Tell me about the good thing to do.
Anthony Garcia: All right, help people. I have my friends who got both my friends that I helped out the stimulus, my cousin, that is to be lives.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Now, hold on, hold on to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you use to do. Now you help people. What did you use to do
Anthony Garcia: To help people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look, I'm trying to help you out if someone's going to ask you what is up with those felonies.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're going to need to know. Right. What did you learn from it. So I'm asking you, you helping people. Now you got it. Tell the truth. What was your worldview. Back then helping people.
Anthony Garcia: I was young, then. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, that's your age. What did you learn
Anthony Garcia: I learned that
Anthony Garcia: I learned that that's not a lifestyle that I want for myself. I don't want that for my daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a summary, what did you learn that now you help people. How were you before. What were you doing
Anthony Garcia: Hurting people
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now we're getting somewhere. All right, hard thing to say, isn't it.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah. Little bit, I guess, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, do you like that about you that you hurt people.
Anthony Garcia: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So right, who's going to want it. You don't want to even say it in here you jump over those things, even with me. Don't want to say him.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're definitely not going to want to feel them on. I'm Sam. Nothing in an interview and then guess what your whole life.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have this other future this none of this kind of optimism. Let's keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're you selfish.
Anthony Garcia: very selfish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me how so I made that up. I DON'T KNOW IF YOU WERE YOU WEREN'T but tell me how you were very selfish and what
Anthony Garcia: I made a lot of people believe like I was helping them even though it really was like benefiting myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me just give me a story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that I'll take this money and I'll go over here and I'll do this with it, but really it was a bait and switch and you were doing. The other thing with it.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, it was mainly with like the drugs and stuff.
Anthony Garcia: Kind of like dealing, I guess.
Anthony Garcia: You know I
Anthony Garcia: Had a lot of people that trusted me and
Anthony Garcia: I broke that trust with pretty much everybody else so
Anthony Garcia: That's, I guess that's what the main trust. I was. I wasn't trust trustworthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trustworthy. Okay, and just so I know I want to distinguish the street life sort of Thug life from baby mamas and children. I want to separate family from that street life if we could. So I want to talk about and trustworthiness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whereas the story where you misrepresented something to someone that really they trusted you.
Anthony Garcia: I'm
Anthony Garcia: Really like think about like a binary point story. It's been so long since this life.
Anthony Garcia: To me out a lot of people that
Anthony Garcia: trusted me with
Anthony Garcia: Things that
Anthony Garcia: Ended up pretty much using and making up excuses and lying.
Anthony Garcia: And
Anthony Garcia: You know, but the thing is about iPad that
Anthony Garcia: The thing about is I paid it back, but still it was hard for me to. I didn't tell the truth, I didn't tell
Anthony Garcia: The people that I was on on pills and stuff.
Anthony Garcia: Just kind of like kind of said that the guy lost or stolen.
Anthony Garcia: And I pay you back as soon as I can. I, you know, I'm sorry this happened. I'll make it right. You know, give me some time when I knew in my head that I use that money to buy a bunch of drugs for myself, you know, because I was hurting
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, now let's. So I think that said, sort of in this category of
Gwenevere Abriel: So this dishonesty. I'm on trustworthy self serving that falls a lot under the umbrella of during that timeframe where you were selling and using drugs so right.
Anthony Garcia: That's correct. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just, let's just going to put that right there in that category. So we're just going to say active addiction. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Anthony Garcia: What it makes it. What makes it harder is because I've always been a trusting person, you can leave your stuff with me, you can
Anthony Garcia: Give me your social security number, your bank account information, you can do all these things, and it'll be safe with me. You know, even like my daughter.
Anthony Garcia: She gave me a box. I don't know what's in it. She hasn't told me. Yes, she told me to hide it.
Anthony Garcia: And I was like, why would you need to hide something, what's in here, which is up, please don't look at it, are looking at
Anthony Garcia: We can look at it together later some my mom leaves or whatever.
Anthony Garcia: I'll show you what's in there.
Anthony Garcia: And I have not looked at so
Anthony Garcia: And I just feel like that's a good characteristic of media.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is indeed.
Anthony Garcia: And she crushed it to my daughter trust mula she trusts me she could talk to me, tell me things. And I don't want to break that so you know
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's one on the left side, I've got these kind of split. We've got. How about when she wants to talk to you just now, like you said, she talks to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you kind of say, oh, I really, you know, talk to your mom about that or talk to one of your friends. I mean, I don't really want to hear you know like time for that. That what you do. Now if she wants to talk to you about her day at school or what do you tend to do
Anthony Garcia: Now it's mostly I'll listen, you know. Listen, I'll get I'll ask your questions. I'll
Anthony Garcia: Try to be more
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. I'm trying to practice like my communications.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you think that you are emotional emotionally available to your daughter.
Anthony Garcia: I can't say all the time. Okay. But most of the times yes as long as I'm not having one of my episodes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: About how often is that
Anthony Garcia: Lately. Not very often.
Anthony Garcia: Things been very smooth.
Gwenevere Abriel: 20% of the time you're not available.
Anthony Garcia: I will say maybe let's say 25%
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so 75% of the time you are emotionally available. So the things that you're doing currently are. Listen, I help people trustworthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotionally available. And how about the word reliable, like if you say you're going to show up for work. You say you're going to do clean the dishes or make dinner or you're going to be here and other reliable means if I say I'm going to do this on their
Anthony Garcia: That's something I am I like that's one of my main
Gwenevere Abriel: Reliable. Hey,
Anthony Garcia: Because my dad. My dad always told me all throughout my life growing up. If you say you're going to do something, you better do it.
Anthony Garcia: No. And if you can't do it, say you can, you know, like, don't say you can do something and don't do it, too, because for some reason. That's like a pet peeve for my dad like he he can't stand the person that
Anthony Garcia: Says something and don't do it. And I've always been like myself. Also, I can't stand it.
Anthony Garcia: I
Anthony Garcia: I don't think I've ever missed a day of work in eight years like taking a day for myself, say, hey, today I'm going to take the day off. You know where the shop still stays open. And I'm not there is no such thing as that.
Anthony Garcia: My cousin's done it for three weeks. A couple other people that used to work there has done it.
Anthony Garcia: I've never had a damn. You know, I went to rehab because of the
Anthony Garcia: I guess addiction, but like to just say, Hey, I'm going to take a day off for myself. I've never done that. So I'm I work every day, no matter what. Even if I feel bad.
Anthony Garcia: Even from sick, even if I don't have my medication.
Anthony Garcia: So yeah, very reliable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hear that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I wrote, I put reliable. I also put
Gwenevere Abriel: industrious. So there's this. I'm assuming you don't just take pride in showing up.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you also work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's hit all the shadow side stuff. What else discuss you repulses you embarrasses you ashamed. You write that you did in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the past, it's not wasn't you. It was just the addict. But what what's the stuff
Anthony Garcia: Took money. That wasn't my
Anthony Garcia: Pen stole stole
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, what do you do
Anthony Garcia: I will still
Anthony Garcia: I won't even take a penny. If it ain't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, in fact, you won't even accept money when someone offers it to you. Right. Yeah. So there's independence is a real independence to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you you're you are you're earning money you're going to just work for your money. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you would have learned how to sort of be reliable be industrious emotionally available trustworthy pay people back help people, all of that. Do you think you would have learned it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If your life in Korea just was just kept going.
Gwenevere Abriel: With that life, you think you would be talking to me today. Do you think that you would have the relationship you do with your daughter. Do you think that you would be these attributes. These character attributes. These positive ones.
Anthony Garcia: Um, I probably could have say for sure, but I don't think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: So look what getting arrested did for you just were just saying right in this isolated conversation of what you learned
Gwenevere Abriel: From being held accountable.
Anthony Garcia: I think that it really did help me privately.
Anthony Garcia: Because I mean, at first. I mean, I was causing a lot of trouble. And it was minor, minor things a little bit of jail time. Some county attorney didn't really affect me. But when I went to prison and they put me in that cop car and I saw my daughter and
Anthony Garcia: That was the last time I seen her for a while.
Anthony Garcia: It did something to me. I don't know.
Anthony Garcia: It was have that weird feeling like
Anthony Garcia: You know I made the worst choice ever. I don't know missing that time with her just feels like I lost something I can't get it back to her.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How old was she
Anthony Garcia: She was just born. So she was, I would say about three months, four months. She's just a little baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: You looking out the cop car, who was holding her
Anthony Garcia: Robin her mom.
Anthony Garcia: And we were just moving sweater kind of change things and do better things, I guess. Finally, get out of there. You know that happened and I would
Anthony Garcia: Seem like it made everything worse since then I've never been able to put everything back together.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you do it, cause you to be arrested.
Anthony Garcia: assault with a deadly weapon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's the charge what you do.
Anthony Garcia: got pissed got mad lost my temper.
Anthony Garcia: wasn't able to control myself.
Why don't you read
Gwenevere Abriel: The description of it. What did you do
Anthony Garcia: Person, buddy.
What you to
Anthony Garcia: Cut them with a pair of scissors on his neck.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's hard to say.
Anthony Garcia: A little bit. I mean,
Anthony Garcia: Before I guess I wouldn't mind, I'd be like, Yeah, I cut this guy's neck off, you don't you don't brag about it. But now it's, I don't know, it's kind of makes me sick that that's who I used to be and I was kind of proud of it, you know.
I'm saying
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me how your body's feeling as you talk about the specificity of this
Anthony Garcia: I tell you one thing, my stomach don't feel good at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Anthony Garcia: Oh, getting a little bit kind of, you know, when not feeling that great then
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: It was some avoidance, not wanting to get to it, not meaning to say what actually was not wanting to sit with the truth of it.
Anthony Garcia: It just, uh, I don't know, I just feel bad that
Anthony Garcia: You know, like I could say yeah what great tire guy, but once I said, Yeah, I went to prison because I cut some dudes neck. You know, people are going to, I don't know. They're not going to remember me being a tire guy, they're going to remember me.
Anthony Garcia: Person that hurt somebody on
Anthony Garcia: Stolen. I just don't want people to see me as a person that can easily harm you hurt. I don't want people to be afraid of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anthony
Gwenevere Abriel: How can you use radical acceptance about the fact that you cut a man's neck right now.
Anthony Garcia: I
Anthony Garcia: I guess I can accept that that's who I was then
Gwenevere Abriel: It happened.
Anthony Garcia: And it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not
Anthony Garcia: Change it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go away from who I am business because the risk of that is what I do is who I am. Can you just radical acceptance isn't what you just did radical acceptances so let's do it again. How can you use radical acceptance. Listen to the words.
Gwenevere Abriel: How can I use radical acceptance to accept.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's probably more of those.
Anthony Garcia: Know radical, radical acceptance is hard for me, like, I don't know.
Anthony Garcia: I know one thing that I am accepting now is that
Anthony Garcia: My dad's never gonna say that he's proud of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Anthony Garcia: Uh huh. And now I'm gonna I'm gonna move, except that you know that
Anthony Garcia: You know, maybe he does just doesn't he won't say he won't
Anthony Garcia: Show it you know
Anthony Garcia: I guess I can't just spend the rest of my life. Wait.
Anthony Garcia: So I'm going to accept that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's good. I like it. That's gonna really serve you well especially living with them.
Anthony Garcia: If it's true. You know, I
Anthony Garcia: But I don't know. I want to feel it. I want to feel it. That's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So notice how you're using this discussion to
Gwenevere Abriel: Derail the discomfort probably of how hard it would be to accept that you hurt people. And this, I got one story. Notice how much easier it is to go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Us philosophizing about this relationship between you and your dad. This is what's keeping you from seeing a future where you get to have just as much enjoyment and satisfaction as someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Who doesn't have this history.
Anthony Garcia: I don't know, I just, I
Anthony Garcia: I can. I'm, what I'm thinking. Now, was that
Anthony Garcia: Maybe it does have a lot to do with my dad because a lot of the people I heard are males.
Anthony Garcia: Okay, older males, you know,
Anthony Garcia: Like I don't hurt women and children and stuff but older males.
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. It just seems like
Anthony Garcia: I'm always something's always
Anthony Garcia: Ross fighting or getting into it so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's interesting.
Anthony Garcia: Today, even to this day. Now, a lot of the people I argue with or get into fights with are like a little bit older than they're all right, an older
Gwenevere Abriel: That's good information. It really is. It's insightful. I think it's going to serve us for for some work down the line.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know how strongly I support this idea of being able to let go of expectation with your father. Yeah, it is. But right now it's about you sitting with the discomfort of facts.
Like
Anthony Garcia: My daughter's. A lot of times, my daughter will
Anthony Garcia: Go to him for things
Anthony Garcia: And, you know, I'll ask her. Hey, did you need something to whatever. And she said, No. And then lastly, I know I can hear TALKING ABOUT MY DAD ASKED ME THAT SAME THING THAT I just offer and that hurts me also sometimes, you know, it's like
Anthony Garcia: I want to be there for her and I want to be that person that she can come to for like things that she wants to order and stuff, but she just personally never does it
Anthony Garcia: Goes to him, you know,
Anthony Garcia: Understand that he raised for practically her whole life pretty much for all life. So that's just the way it is, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not the comma. But just now. It's that first part. That's the part that you don't want to sit with he raised her more years than you.
Gwenevere Abriel: He has been there more year. That's the part you don't. So what right in there, comma, but but but now I'm here now I'm here now I'm here now, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: This, this stuff is the part you don't want to sit with this is the one that turns your stomach. This is the one that keeps you from going to an interview. This is the, what is keeping you from going to school, my opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is sitting with this shadow side of ourselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: That when you see it reflected. If someone ever calls you one of these things, or your daughter's treating me like you don't have money reliability or trustworthiness and that's what that looks like when she's not coming to you, you hate it.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I mean I bad
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you do
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's not about
Gwenevere Abriel: You she gets to trust you. She wants to you manage yourself. You can't even sit with this history. You can barely it's probably only because I've known you for years at this point.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you let me push you to say that you had done this, this assault worse choice you I got angry. I mean you danced around that as long as you possibly could. Until you couldn't do it anymore. He had to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: The Act was this
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. These happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what radical acceptances we look at the ugly at the dark and we say I did these things. And if you can't say to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you've learned from them about yourself is going to be really hard to do it some stranger in an interview and not that you would ever get to the point that you would describe these details, by the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's not the point on your line, you'd be afraid I don't ever have to just say what I just kind of did with you. But that's not so it's this, it's being able to sit with the discomfort of the worst parts of yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And still knowing you have every right
Gwenevere Abriel: To celebrate who you are.
Anthony Garcia: To celebrate
Gwenevere Abriel: But he won't be able to, I don't think, again, this is my psychological perspective is until you can sit with what facts you write it out and you say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I did this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is what I've learned from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do it for myself, I could do it because I have looked at the dark side of looked at the things that I'm not proud of, and I know how it has taught me lessons that someone telling me right from wrong couldn't teach me I had to feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have a judgment about it and I certainly don't have a judgment about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad we have
Gwenevere Abriel: The judicial system for a lot of people, it gets some of you to snap. Finally, oh, there's a limit of how much
Gwenevere Abriel: I can get away with. I was getting away with a lot. I didn't know there was a woman. I thought I can keep going. For some people it's that
Gwenevere Abriel: And they finally get the lesson, but I haven't, I haven't heard it yet from you, but I think it's because you haven't sat with these pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you think the 12 step talks about making amends about a Tony and telling another the shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: That y'all have done. Why do you think it's a step.
Anthony Garcia: Because it's necessary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Necessary and hardest fuck
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Anthony Garcia: I think that's probably why I didn't do too well in the 12 STEP program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like this is stupid. Oh.
Anthony Garcia: I don't want to be telling nobody what I did.
Anthony Garcia: I just, that's, that's, I think that's one of the main reasons why I did because I did like the 12 step meetings, you know, I like to go to the meetings, I can hear people's stories. You know, it's like, that's part of it. But then when the sharing part I just
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I'm watching, I'm watching group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here in group you like
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I've always been like to
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen in depth.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were not ashamed of what you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead you took healthy responsibility for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd be able to talk, it wouldn't own you.
Anthony Garcia: But I was thinking like
Anthony Garcia: It almost feels like
Anthony Garcia: bragging about it. If I'm telling people, I don't. I just don't want people to know that part of me. I don't know.
Anthony Garcia: Now gone you know us. That's not me anymore.
Anthony Garcia: Unless it is still is just
Anthony Garcia: Maybe I'm just changing, but I don't want to one day blow up and hurt somebody, again, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So notice that right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: The anger still there.
Anthony Garcia: And you're still there. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't your anger sometimes scare you.
Anthony Garcia: Yo, yeah.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah. Very much so. Because sometimes I don't.
Anthony Garcia: even remember what I'm thinking, you know, just
Anthony Garcia: That's how mad I get
Gwenevere Abriel: What if, what if the ugly awful truth. The thing that none of us, neither one of us want to look at what if it's that you haven't learned the lesson yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if that's radical acceptance.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if that's what we're doing in therapy. What if it's getting you to that point where you really get
Anthony Garcia: I mean, I thought I did. But I guess when you think of when you say it like that, maybe, maybe I have it look like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And look, look.
Anthony Garcia: It's kind of hard to deal with.
Gwenevere Abriel: That well i don't know i i just say I could be wrong. I could be wrong but look what you did earlier. Look what you did. You had an insight you said
Gwenevere Abriel: I think this anger that I have towards my dad.dot.dot.we don't know what the dots are dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, I noticed that I kind of am most aggressive to older males.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where is the deep psychotherapy happening when I do, em, Dr. When I do inner child and I do empty chair, who's in that chair.
Anthony Garcia: Then
Gwenevere Abriel: We're dealing with now it's your dad. It's, it's Dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: This isn't about mom. This isn't about sister that isn't about some dude on the street. Some thug dynamic. So you are on to something. So I'm optimistic.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if we can't get real at this point. Look at you, your candy all this low dose this stuff that you and I do now, I think is going to stick. There's no impairment
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean. It's like this is your brain. I think it's going to stick. And I think if we can get to the real letting go of anger and really grieving the loss of not having, you know, the father that you needed. I think if we can do that work.
Gwenevere Abriel: This thing. Maybe you're doing it on some level with your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can't fool your brain. You can follow me. You can lie to me. You can you can play any as much as you want to talk to the group.
Gwenevere Abriel: intellectualize and say exactly the right thing. It's a beautiful note. Look, my client has inside he draws the connection between but you're going to know if you're a phony inside you're going to know if you still want to fucking kill the man.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel me
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, and don't do you now. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not in here is a waste of your time. We got to keep it real. Every time you can come in every time and say, I basically I have to hold back the impulse to want to punch him every single time I see this man. That's what I want to hear if it's the truth, not what you think. I want to hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we need to get at that dynamic and we got to move through it, but we can't move through it unless we're keeping it real.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I want to hear from you. This was
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of looking at stuff that maybe wasn't all that pleasant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you're thinking about
Anthony Garcia: I'm kind of thinking about
Anthony Garcia: I guess you're right. Because I come home, I take a shower.
Anthony Garcia: And
Anthony Garcia: I want to go, like, say hi to or something. Say what's up there. But then I don't want to hear him say we're going to have for dinner. What do you want to do guys do for dinner, and it was like almost that question is, like, what are you going to cook for dinner and
Anthony Garcia: I don't, I don't know, I just
It's
Anthony Garcia: Sometimes that trying to avoid it.
Anthony Garcia: Just makes me feel better when I just don't see him that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is heartbreaking. For me, Anthony. Because right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you take, and I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Please turn scribe for next session we talked about Anthony comes home from a hard day at work and I kind of want to say sup dead. I want to connect with my father.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to have a cash conversation. I want to connect with him as Father, Son, and when he says things like, well, what are we having for dinner I interpreted as, what are you going to cook for me and what emotion. Do you have as soon as you hear that
Anthony Garcia: Anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it like How fucking dare you ask something of me is it that big.
Anthony Garcia: It's pretty big. Yes, I get pretty mad. And then I thought, you know, it's not. And then my dad I go downstairs and my daughter, she has to say something to me, I'm already irritated.
Anthony Garcia: So I get kind of like, you know, I like shrugged her up sometimes I'll say something like, leave me alone or something and
Anthony Garcia: I could tell she gets her, you know, because she's smiling.
Anthony Garcia: As much as she can wait to say something nice to me or
Anthony Garcia: Talk to me or see me or something and then I act like that and then
Anthony Garcia: I just heard her feelings and now I'm back in my room.
Anthony Garcia: Like, I don't know, just mixed up because I'm mad.
Anthony Garcia: I'm mad at myself just hurting my daughter and
Anthony Garcia: I'm just
Anthony Garcia: Go back out. There you go. Yeah, I'm stuck in this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. And you avoid and you don't know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: For exist and push away as feminine information in here that people are using in the workplace. They're changing and transforming relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're going out into the world and they're reconnecting with people, but you have decided
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have access to it because you think that these things are feminine and you don't want to do it, but you're repeating the pattern. What's your father just did to do you just did to your daughter, your opinion as much as you don't want to do it. There it is.
Anthony Garcia: I know. And the thing about it is, I've been doing it for a while now.
Anthony Garcia: I catch myself sometimes. And
Anthony Garcia: I don't know bugs me. But then I say, am I gonna do it again and the very next day happens again so
Gwenevere Abriel: everything other than the way you're doing it. Tell me. Be honest with yourself. If you were to do it any other ways in the way you're doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's too girly and weak.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I give you lots of different ways to speak and to interpret
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're downs question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lots of different ways. Every week, week after week group individual give you lots of different ways but you end up doing it, you're familiar way right nine out of 10 times really 10 out of 10 times most of the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to do that for the rest of your life.
Anthony Garcia: I want to
Anthony Garcia: Do
Gwenevere Abriel: So the worst thing that your dad could say to you, if you, if he noticed you started speaking to him differently would be what so worst thing he could say
Anthony Garcia: Me. It's like you're a PC shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: You believe he thinks you're a piece of shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yes. So you're already there. Then why don't you just do something different. Try one of the things out and I'm trying to encourage you to experiment with you already thinks you're a piece of shit accept it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No matter what he does. Anyway, it already goes through that piece of shit filter.
Anthony Garcia: Accept it but
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to
Anthony Garcia: Know bothers me, it still bothers
Gwenevere Abriel: Not acceptance as
Anthony Garcia: I know, that's why it's hard for me to see the say that I accepted because
Gwenevere Abriel: you tolerate it.
Anthony Garcia: So what's a different word if it, if you
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I guess I'm tolerating it
Gwenevere Abriel: Because Anthony you grew up with this you grew up with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Disconnect with your father.
Gwenevere Abriel: But august psychoanalysis, I can go on and on. It isn't going to get you a better relationship with your dad. The only way to do it differently is to do it differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why the word radical is there it is foreign bizarre uncomfortable. You already are at the worst he already thinks you're a piece of shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell
Anthony Garcia: Me every week. It feels like I'm making progress. Like, I'm like, things are different.
Anthony Garcia: And then I
Anthony Garcia: And then I realize now that I guess I was wrong, you know,
Anthony Garcia: You know, I keep
Anthony Garcia: I don't know, like
Anthony Garcia: Making myself believe you know and
Anthony Garcia: I want it to be real. I don't want it to be just something that I
Anthony Garcia: tell myself that is real.
Gwenevere Abriel: You believe your mother and father and no one has taught you how to be emotionally available.
Anthony Garcia: I guess I guess I'm not. I don't know how to be that
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to be that parent to your daughter and to yourself.
Anthony Garcia: That, yes, and then to other people also people that I meet in the future and stuff like that. I want to be able to just be able to at least speak, you know, or say sup stop thinking
Anthony Garcia: Like, I don't know, I just think about what I don't want to think about what to say. I want to just know what to say. I want to know how to feel know how to think, I don't have to like try to work my brain to focus on something.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
For me,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's you're busy analyzing anyway. If instead you had different thoughts in your head, you had different tools, your mind can work in a different way. It's going to busy itself. So just busy it in a different place wants you to do something just see how you feel. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to be your dad and I want you to use radical acceptance, which means you have the following thought
Gwenevere Abriel: I think my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably doesn't respect me probably has some issues. You know, we've got this kind of crummy dynamic
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't want to feel crappy right now I want to connect with my dad. That's the only thing you need to do. You can take a deep breath, you cannot respond, all of those skills which you have learned. You may not remember them. But you breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where I use radical acceptance. It's not about whether I don't like what my dad is doing or I don't like dynamics with my dad and I, that's not it. I except my dad and I are kind of fucked up right now. It just is. You stop battling just put your hands up, metaphorically and resign.
Gwenevere Abriel: You breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: you resign and feel your body like yeah there's a little bit of freedom in there. I have to keep trying to battle this it is what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not going to change, I can change right now I want to enjoy casual conversation with my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to review, you're going to breathe, you may want to write it down. I guess I'm pretty sure you're going to forget all these things is, we're gonna do a quick little role play
Gwenevere Abriel: Brief radically accept the limitations of your father and relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't get angry just it's just acceptance, you won't be able to just be like, there it is no surprise to me now is what I grew up with. There it is again, no surprise. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I came in this room, wanting to chit chat, hold on to that truth, Anthony. You want to chit chat. You want to talk about today. So it was that
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a way to do it. But none of as possible. If you can't hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: To yourself in that moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you came in the room, wanting to just have a casual conversation. You don't hold on to that intention.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to get their brief radical acceptance. What is it that I came in the room to do just kind of say, how was your day, hold on to those
Gwenevere Abriel: Do not interpret me dad's behavior when I say, well, what are we having for dinner. Do not let me repeat it again. Do not interpret
Gwenevere Abriel: What I mean by that.
Gwenevere Abriel: All you gotta do is remember why you came in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: You came in the room to have contact with your father to chitchat kind of decompress from the day your dad does. That's his business. It is not your job to interpret what your dad really means, which is, of course, you're a piece of shit, not your job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breeze radical acceptance. I came in here for a chit chat, you're going to redirect back to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do not do what
Anthony Garcia: You're not
Anthony Garcia: Brave radically accept
Anthony Garcia: Be radically accept and then
Gwenevere Abriel: And then remember you came in there just to make contact. You just came in.
Anthony Garcia: And connect squared as say what's up.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's something very specific. You've got to be on purpose about not doing what is it because you do it automatically. What do you not do when I say, Oh yeah, why don't we have it for dinner.
Anthony Garcia: don't interpret
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect. It is going to be easier said than done. Ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: You walk in and asked me a question.
Anthony Garcia: Hey, how you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, if you're a plan out what we're having for dinner.
Anthony Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what's happening right now.
Anthony Garcia: To me, doesn't matter because I asked you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, what did you do, I know you're mad. I already got my answer. Did you do
Gwenevere Abriel: What you love me writing them down. No, but do you have it. Did you do all the steps that I encourage you to do literally seconds ago, or did you go to just mad.
Anthony Garcia: Or just went to man, because
Anthony Garcia: Why did he asked me.
I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, what's the thing I said not to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interpret and did you
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you're going to keep doing this relationship, the same exact way later today and tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not kidding.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not your job.
Anthony Garcia: I know what I just hate somebody asked me a question asked. I asked them a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice how you keep hating it what is radical acceptance asked you to do.
Anthony Garcia: Except it
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to keep doing it your way.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to be angry. You could try what a professional has been doing this for over 20 years
Gwenevere Abriel: Is inviting which is going to bring peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: To your heart to your mind and give you freedom to be okay in the presence of someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Like your father.
Anthony Garcia: Okay, somebody asked me for dinner. Am I supposed to tell them. That's not what I asked you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have if you haven't even done the first three things, and you want to jump to the next one. Do, do the first three things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Yeah. So we're going to do it again. What are the three things you're going to do.
Anthony Garcia: Breeze radically accept
Anthony Garcia: Intern don't interpret
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so the trip. So it's actually breeze radically accept and remember why he you want
Gwenevere Abriel: It is good enough doesn't need to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it isn't what he wants to focus on brief radically accept hold on to yourself, hold on to what
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll show you how to do it in a second. I just I can't even give you the first two things for you pop off. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's roll play again. Here we go, we got a couple minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, what's for dinner.
Anthony Garcia: Three.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into the belly to take as long as you need.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then what
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. I wasn't really thinking about dinner. I just came in here to ask you, how you doing, oh
Gwenevere Abriel: That's beautiful. Did you notice your tone it, it was, it was a little sad. It was a little like down was a little disappointed. I heard it, but I'm good at that. But you said that instead of five fucking, fucking asking me a question got that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right again, here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's breeze radically accept and and what you did remember why why you're there. Okay, and hold on to that you are not bad or wrong. He is not bad or wrong. Just accept what he is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Brief radically accept and remember what you came in for just to connect with them just to check
Anthony Garcia: Hey Dad, what do you been up to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, well, what you got going on for dinner.
Anthony Garcia: I haven't thought about it yet.
Anthony Garcia: Maybe we can talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how you feeling right now. What's happening in the body.
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. I got mad because
Anthony Garcia: I guess I went from
Anthony Garcia: Asking him a question, but then I i guess i went to fellow to his dinner thing. You know, I was gonna ask them.
Anthony Garcia: That that's not what I went in there for blood right away. So maybe we can discuss it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm going to give you some I
Anthony Garcia: Fell into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you fell into his content that's okay now let's switch roles and you'll get to see a knee playing with because I'm more comfortable with it right i'm not i'm not uncomfortable with
Gwenevere Abriel: steering the conversation. I do in a group, all the time. I can steer things where I want it to go. I can do this and kind of move it where I wanted to. Okay, so just see how I how I do it. Okay, you're going to be, you're going to be down
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, I might not do well either. I don't know, bring your screen down just a little bit. I see most of the ceiling and less of you just right into your forehead.
And
Anthony Garcia: This phone doesn't totally
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there. Okay, so we're going to switch. So I am
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm Anthony. Oh, okay. I'm Anthony Okay um
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, Dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you today.
Anthony Garcia: So what do you feel like doing for dinner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up. I don't know what a day, man. I'm like, wiped out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did. What did you you guys do today, as you just hanging out with the TV.
Anthony Garcia: He like I don't know it's just weird because
Gwenevere Abriel: It but you did, but she didn't do it. You just talked about it, do it again, but this time answer as him. Don't you'll see there'll be different. Just be him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey Dad, how are you today.
Anthony Garcia: And how do you what do you feel a door for dinner.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm honestly I'm so white. I just kind of want to touch base with y'all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Been doing so much talking with all these customers such a long day. I haven't even thought about dinner, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you kind of already have like something you were craving.
Anthony Garcia: I'm really hungry right now but
Anthony Garcia: You should go as you should go ask Katie of see what she wants.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a good idea. Did you do anything interesting today.
Anthony Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. All right. I'll go talk to Katie, I'll see. I'll see you in a little bit. I'll let you know if I end up cooking something up, I'm not sure I'm up for it tonight but but I'll Holler if I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Describe what I did.
Anthony Garcia: You very like
Anthony Garcia: Alert.
Gwenevere Abriel: My voice was elevated yeah that's true and real cut. I stayed I contact right and I was
Gwenevere Abriel: I was not threatened.
Gwenevere Abriel: By
Anthony Garcia: And then you didn't go into
Anthony Garcia: Like, I guess. Other topics you stuck with them, you know,
Anthony Garcia: He was doing
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, you did talk about dinner. Also in there. I guess you mix both of it together.
Gwenevere Abriel: I talked about my day. Now I don't know your dad well enough to say what we can talk about, Oh my gosh, like, Hey, Dad, what did you do with it that that the time machine and look up, up, up, up. I don't know content that's where you would
Anthony Garcia: The only thing here. It talks about is
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, your auntie was out here from little bit I check the mail.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah hey anybody visit
Anthony Garcia: Today, it's either dinner or he's talking about somebody else in the family.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm probably going to have to go soon. But listen to this Anthony, you want to give your dad a hard time when neither one of you have the social skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around casual conversation, but you get mad at him for it, I get it. The chicken came before the egg. I get it.
Anthony Garcia: But it's just because I make an effort to at least try. And I don't think that he even mix the, I mean, this
Gwenevere Abriel: Is radical acceptance right this second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Anthony Garcia: I got accept that he will not change, but I cannot change him.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not going to change just accept that, your life will change once you get that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out because I did, I basically I remembered I just, I want to talk about my day and I can hear what he's saying about dinner, and I heard about Katie and
Gwenevere Abriel: I am not threatened by dad's dismissive.
Gwenevere Abriel: inept inaccessibility
Gwenevere Abriel: I expect it. I'll be shocked. What a cool day when he's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, how's your cousin. How are you, how are you guys doing like you guys ever like butt heads over there. I'll be like, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Question. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, won't that be nice. I feel like I could handle that surprise, but you're breaking your you're getting yourself offended every day all day every day. There's a way out. And it's accepting that you are good and lovable and an interesting man, despite the fact that he cannot
Gwenevere Abriel: See it certainly can't show it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know it's a lot to overcome and you and I'll do the psychotherapy to get you there. But on the front end. I want you to kind of have a decent life worth living.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just accepted. He doesn't know how to talk to you. You don't know that I talked to him either. So you say anybody interesting job by today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool. I catch you later, I'm thinking about spaghetti, because I'm tired.
Anthony Garcia: See, I wish I could do that, you know, but
Gwenevere Abriel: That I'm not a genius. I just said spaghetti. I just said anybody dropped by
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, but when it, when the time comes. At the very moment, what is happening.
Anthony Garcia: I can't really predict what's going to happen. I just know that a lot of anger comes out, you know, even if I was just happy five minutes.
Anthony Garcia: It's just, I don't know, but I keep doing it. I don't know. There's days where I want to just say hell with it. I'm going to go to my room. Close the door. And I want to hear ship nobody
Anthony Garcia: But that's not me. I gotta go. See how people are doing. I want to see you. I want to ask you, how you doing, I want to
Anthony Garcia: See
Gwenevere Abriel: Radical acceptance just accept it and you just enjoy me and you and pop around just
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to be a happy guy.
Anthony Garcia: I know I just get
Anthony Garcia: scared because
Anthony Garcia: I want to, I just want to be able to say that last few years, me and my dad talked
Anthony Garcia: We were able to do a few things together. I mean, I don't remember one damn activity. We've done together, ever. You know, I can remember the
Gwenevere Abriel: Way your way and we got to go, which was going to get you to going on a hike or some kind of outing your way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what one where you can just continue enjoy being who you are and love him unconditionally anyway.
Anthony Garcia: I guess your which I guess is your way. But that's the hard way.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it isn't hard. It's on familiar
Anthony Garcia: It's familiar uncomfortable to
Gwenevere Abriel: Give yourself a break. But it like any habit. It takes more glucose effort to learn something new. It takes effort. And yes, it takes effort.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the flip side of this is a Happy. Happy. Anthony when it isn't walking around with a chip on your shoulder waiting for the next time he's insulted and he might hurt someone.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might really be able to let go of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want that for you. I think you long to be that man that you know you are inside without all this resentment. This is so old. This is sense like five this is old, old, old, old, old stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go prove me wrong, if I'm so wrong. Do these behavioral experiments, come back and tell me I'm wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can't be superficial. It can't be a phony one. It's got to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait a minute, what's this radical acceptance a look, I got myself offended again because I'm expecting him to love me the way I needed to guy ain't gonna do it. All right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually, I came into just to kind of say, Hey, I'm I haven't really been kind of talking with you the last few days, just say as anybody stopped by
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be clunky at first, but it'll get it will get easier radical acceptance. It is doing the opposite of what you've been doing. You've been
Gwenevere Abriel: Hating what is you have been hating it put your hands down and accepted accepted, I have
Gwenevere Abriel: How come I know that's what your dad's gonna be tomorrow. Give me when you walk outside that rule where it's going to be that
Gwenevere Abriel: Was gonna be the same thing. You can be pissed off. You let me finish this last piece I believe if you can have a badge that you were every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: It would say, Dad. You fucked me over and I feel like you were that every day and you let him know. And I want to know, Anthony. If you took that off. Would it be okay if he wasn't reminded every day if he failed you.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just take it off for one day and see what happens. I already know he failed you.
Gwenevere Abriel: He knows on an unconscious level. He can't own it because he's not mature enough, but he knows. So just, just so that you can have some joy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take it off.
Anthony Garcia: I'm gonna I'm gonna try because I don't want to. I don't want to be doing this same thing to my dog, and that's what I think I've been doing
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're going to have more access to connections with daughter later on when you really get the habit. A healthy romantic relationship, all of that. Once you really get this piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing to prove that badge. Just take it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're on happiness lets him know every day. You screwed me over. Dad, your fault. Look what you did. If you take it off and go ahead and shine and be happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you're happy and now he's, he might think, oh, I assumed I was a good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, whatever guys delusional. Anyway, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You got to be happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we meet again.
Anthony Garcia: A 22nd.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll see you at seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Be good to you.
Anthony Garcia: Thank you.
Anthony Garcia: Bye bye.